Let's implement the functionality to delete quotes. For that,
I first of all in the app.vue file want to add the little info box telling me that I should click on a quote
to delete it. For that I'll use a bootstrap row
and in that row, simply a column which spans over the whole width and in there,
I also want to center my text, text center is a helper class provided by bootstrap which does just that.
And then I will have an alert,
this is the box with the rounded corner but to not make it red, I'll add the alert info class
and then I can simply say info click on a quote to delete it, like this,
delete with lowercase d.
Now we see the box here,
now to make quotes deletable, I need to make them clickable and then when I click them, I kind
of need to access my array here and delete the quote from it.
Let's do that next.